Macro docs: explain basic function concepts before explaining β-reduce (#8524)
lampepfl/dotty: docs/docs/reference/metaprogramming/macros.md

### From `Expr`s to Functions and Back

It is possible to convert any `Expr[T => R]` into `Expr[T] => Expr[R]` and back.

> These conversions can be written as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These conversions can be implemented as follows:
```

```scala
def to[T, R](f: Expr[T] => Expr[R])(using QuoteContext): Expr[T => R] =
  '{ (x: T) => ${ f('x) } }

def from[T, R](f: Expr[T => R])(using QuoteContext): Expr[T] => Expr[R] =
  (x: Expr[T]) => '{ $f($x) }
```

Note how the fundamental phase consistency principle works in two

> different directions here for `f` and `x`.  The reference to `f` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
different directions here for `f` and `x`.  In the method `to`,  the reference to `f` is
```

legal because it is quoted, then spliced, whereas the reference to `x`
is legal because it is spliced, then quoted.

They can be used as follows:

```scala
val f1: Expr[Int => String] = to((x: Expr[Int]) => '{ $x.toString }) // '{ (x: Int) => x.toString }

val f2: Expr[Int] => Expr[String] = from('{ (x: Int) => x.toString }) // (x: Expr[Int]) => '{ ((x: Int) => x.toString)($x) }
f2('{2}) // '{ ((x: Int) => x.toString)(2) }
```

> One limitation of `from` is that it does not β-reduce as evidenced in the code `'{ ((x: Int) => x.toString)(2) }`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One limitation of `from` is that it does not β-reduce when a lambda is called immediately, as evidenced in the code `{ ((x: Int) => x.toString)(2) }`.
```

> In some cases we want to remove the lambda from the code, for this we profide `Expr.betaReduce` conversion that turns a tree

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases we want to remove the lambda from the code, for this we provide the method `Expr.betaReduce` that turns a tree
```
